# RBook

Welcome to RBook! Build a personalized online recipe book with this software framework.

Everyone loves collecting and (or "saving" or "pinning") recipes from our favorite online feeds, networks, and forums. The problem is, going back and actually using them is often inconvenient.

Here is what normally happens:

1. Our favorite places on the internet are designed to be addictive, and it is very easy to hit "save" or "pin" on stuff we like. Unfortunately, these same platforms are not always good at organizing these things that we save, and making them easy to access later. This is especially true for recipes. It's always easy to collect "new" content, but not as easy to review our content.

2. These same platforms do not enhance the experience with the content we save. Instagram, Pinterest, and Reddit were made to display "general purpose" content of all kinds. So when we want to view something like a recipe, we are often just linked back to the original poster's website anyways.

3. If we hope to rely on cooking websites to be better presenters of recipes, then we are often disappointed. Cooking websites and blogs provide **terrible** ergonomics as cooking companions. If you're in the kitchen trying a recipe for the first time, you can't have ads, blog posts, and "Pls subscrib 2 R newslett0r" pop-ups distracting you every time you turn your phone screen back on.

4. Lastly, it is often just as inconvenient to share recipes using platforms like Pinterest, Instagram, and Facebook. Why would you use a social media app to cook with? Why would you ask your friends and family to do the same? Should you really need an Instagram account just to view something like a recipe?

After setting up your own online recipe book with RBook, these same problems are all solved:

1. RBook can easily read exported recipes from the popular CopyMeThat service, which grabs the non-copywrite-protected recipe content from any website. This ensures all your recipes from any site can be found in one single place. CopyMeThat has a large number of incredible features to boot.

2. RBook allows you to organize and categorize your recipe collection in any way you wish. Any number of named and ordered chapters, and any number of sections per chapter.

3. Your online RBook is owned and generated by you, so there are no ads, no blog posts, no pop-ups. Whenever you go open up your recipe page, it's always in the same state you left it.

4. If hosted publically, sharing your recipe book or any recipe within is as easy as sharing the URL. No special apps required, no accounts needed, and it's just as easy to access on desktop browsers as it is on mobile.

Still not convinced? Check it out for yourself: [Sample Recipe Book - 600+ recipes](https://troyerta.github.io/recipes/)

RBook is a collection of SW tools that formats and organizes your recipes from all over the web into a single place.

See the basic introduction here: [Introduction](./docs/intro_basic.md)

For more detailed, technical description of RBook, see the [Advanced Intro Page]()./docs/intro_advanced.md)
